
Nome do filme: Battlefield Earth
Nota tabela: 2.6
Nota interna: 2.5
Diretores: [Roger Christian]
Atores princiais: [John Travolta, Forest Whitaker, Barry Pepper]
Melhor comentário: As an ardent fan of truly horrible cinema, I had to give this exemplar a "ten star" rating. In my humble opinion, this is a masterpiece, and it is right up there in the pantheon of horrid films with Wood's classic "Plan 9 From Outer Space." Fellow aficionados of wretched celluloid, I hold out for your consideration that it is possible, it just might be possible, that this film, in fact, has dethroned the long-ruling "Plan 9" as the "Greatest Bad Movie of All Time." This will be debated by experts in great/bad movies for years to come, but, at the minimum, we have a very viable challenger to Ed Wood's venerable masterpiece of horrid cinema. Let the debate begin!

Nome do filme: Epic Movie
Nota tabela: 2.5
Nota interna: 2.4
Diretores: [Jason Friedberg, Aaron Seltzer]
Atores princiais: [Kal Penn, Jennifer Coolidge, Fred Willard]
Melhor comentário: Forget what everyone else says, this movie was great. I laughed every 10 seconds and it was like watching Scary Movie 5, except without scary movie parodies. The parodies are creative and hilarious, and this movie deserves a 10, if you haven't seen it, see it. Give it a chance, I thought it was a great movie and you should defiantly see it!!!! Excellent use of "Fergielicious" in the movie as well. Great jokes along the way, and I can't watch Chronicles of Narnia without cracking up. I went into this movie as a last second thing to do on a Friday night, and I thought it would suck. But I was pleasantly surprised. I'll be using Epic Movie terms for a long time now. Long live Jack Swallows!!!!!!!!

Nome do filme: Saving Christmas
Nota tabela: 2.5
Nota interna: 1.3
Diretores: [Darren Doane]
Atores princiais: [Kirk Cameron, Darren Doane, Bridgette Cameron]
Melhor comentário: Forget the other reviews, highly recommended. Enjoyed the message, and the humor.

Nome do filme: Son of the Mask
Nota tabela: 2.5
Nota interna: 2.2
Diretores: [Lawrence Guterman]
Atores princiais: [Jamie Kennedy, Traylor Howard, Alan Cumming]
Melhor comentário: OK maybe not the artistic triumph of all time but it was fun, it was interesting enough to keep us watching all the way through (3 times) and it was a movie that depended on more than one person to make it work. Alan Cummings was alternately scary and touching and the father character 'Tim' was very believable. The underlying theme of the importance of the bond between fathers and sons was well done without ever getting slushy. The 'gloopy' bits quite honestly compared with some of the gross-out material presented these days on children's cartoon channels was extremely mild and never revolting. The sets were beautiful, and the CGI was absolutely fine. This film had a good pacey storyline, amusing sympathetic characters and plenty of laugh out loud moments. I can see why Carrey fans wouldn't like it, but as I am not a Carrey fan and prefer a balanced film with an ensemble of good acting and a share out of amusing lines, rather than a one man ego trip with a back up of lacklustre characters none of whom can steal the star's thunder - I enjoyed this film. Alan Cummings was a joy and it is nice to watch an actor of his calibre doing what he does best, entertaining and interacting with the other cast members to produce a great film. I would recommend this to anyone who likes to have a fun time when watching a film and who enjoys surreal wacky stuff. If you like 'Fairly Odd Parents' 'My Parents are Aliens' 'Tom and Jerry' and 'Coneheads' you will probably enjoy this.

Nome do filme: House of the Dead
Nota tabela: 2.5
Nota interna: 2.1
Diretores: [Uwe Boll]
Atores princiais: [Jonathan Cherry, Tyron Leitso, Clint Howard]
Melhor comentário: First off, this movie is nowhere near Romero's classic, NIGHT OF THE LIVING DEAD, but it doesn't intend to be, it does exactly what it intends to do, be FUN! And boy is it ever fun, when a group of misguided teens explore an evil island infested with the LIVING DEAD! Uwe Boll did a good job, I honestly don't see why people trash this guy. It's nowhere near Boll's ALONE IN THE DARK, which is a much better film, but this is zombie fighting fun at it's finest, my friends. I really enjoyed this movie and I say that honestly. I certainly hope we can expect more from Uwe in the future. 10/10 ~ Wulfus

Nome do filme: The Hottie & the Nottie
Nota tabela: 2.4
Nota interna: 1.9
Diretores: [Tom Putnam]
Atores princiais: [Paris Hilton, Joel David Moore, Christine Lakin]
Melhor comentário: Probably one of the best comedy films of 2000s and of all time Paris gave us here an Oscar performance, she was so funny and clever Reminded me of mariln performance in Some like it hot , Highly recommend this film for everyone , a must see for comedy lovers Paris is best of the best

Nome do filme: Birdemic: Shock and Terror
Nota tabela: 2.3
Nota interna: 1.7
Diretores: [James Nguyen]
Atores princiais: [Alan Bagh, Whitney Moore, Tippi Hedren(archive footage)]
Melhor comentário: Everything about this movie was perfect from the acting to the special effects. i would definitely watch this movie a million more times if i could.

Nome do filme: Superbabies: Baby Geniuses 2
Nota tabela: 2.3
Nota interna: 1.5
Diretores: [Bob Clark]
Atores princiais: [Robert Grasmere(characters), Francisca Matos(characters), Steven Paul(story)]
Melhor comentário: This movie is brilliant. Excellent screenplay, wondrous acting, and amazing special effects. I nearly crapped myself when I saw those delightful tots bouncing around the screen. It is pure fun for the entire family. Go ahead, pick up the DVD, I assure you it is AWESOME! A masterpiece! I mean, the lines in this movie are classic and very quotable. This movie is fantastic, and definitely in my top-ten list. It has a great message of getting active and is also great for adults! Go buy it (not rent- BUY!) today, and you will not be disappointed. You will certainly treasure it for years to come, and even share it with your grandchildren.

Nome do filme: Manos: The Hands of Fate
Nota tabela: 2.2
Nota interna: 1.6
Diretores: [Harold P. Warren]
Atores princiais: [Tom Neyman, John Reynolds, Diane Adelson]
Melhor comentário: This movie should be included in film school textbooks under "how to make a bad movie". I own 2 copies of this classic (the MST3k DVD, and the normal movie) and enjoy both of them. It's not exactly gone with the wind, but the "sucks so bad it's good" factor of this film will give Ed Wood's best a run for it's money. Wild cuts, horrible voice overs, bad acting, and a 6 minute intro that's nothing but someone driving with background music are just a few of the wonderful moments you have to look forward to. Bottom line if you don't want to watch a bad movie , then stay away from this film. If however, you're morbidly curious enough to seek to answer the question "Just how bad can a movie be" then give it a try.

Nome do filme: Disaster Movie
Nota tabela: 2.1
Nota interna: 1.9
Diretores: [Jason Friedberg, Aaron Seltzer]
Atores princiais: [Carmen Electra, Vanessa Lachey, Nicole Parker]
Melhor comentário: Absolutely brilliantly funny, what a masterpiece, don't blink watching this cracker, pure non stop action, extremely funny with immaculate acting throughout 10/10
